git-repl: add page (#5974)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-repl.md

# git repl

> > Open a Git shell-like command line.

Reviewer: How about that:
```suggestion
> Git REPL (read-print-evaluate-loop) - an interactive Git shell. 
```
?

Reviewer 2: `evaluate` should come before `print`, and I've mostly seen `evaluate` shortened to `eval` 🤔

Reviewer 2: Not thrilling, but seems good to me.

Author: Im going to edit the suggestion

> > Git REPL (read-evaluate-print-loop) - an interactive Git shell. 

Author: ```suggestion
> Git REPL (read-evaluate-print-loop) - an interactive Git shell.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-repl>.

> - Open a Git shell-like command line:

Reviewer 3: I think `open` is not correct
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell with Git subcommands as top level commands:
```

Author: That sounds a little man pagey. Most wont know what a top level command line is

Author: However the beginning is a good change

Reviewer: How about `Start an interactive Git shell`?

Reviewer 2: This is what I would like the most.
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell where you can use Git subcommands as though they were normal commands.
```
But it's got `your` in 🤔

Author: Like this?

```suggestion
- Start an interactive Git shell:
```

Reviewer: @ bl-ue, I think `Git shell` implies that you can use subcommands as top level commands. It just seems intuitive.

Author: I agree

Reviewer 2: Must be since you both think it.  Personally, I _might_ be confused by that, but since I've know what it means for a long time I can't really tell if I'd really be.  We'll see though if users find it strange and then have enough interest to inquire as to why we wrote it 🙂

Author: So which suggestion are we applying?

Author: I have applied my suggestion

`git repl`

> - Run a git command whilst in REPL:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Run a Git subcommand whilst in the Git interactive shell:
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Run a Git command whilst in the Git interactive shell:
```

Reviewer: `Whilst` sounds a bit lofty for our cirumstances. How about just using `while`?

Reviewer 2: I don't love the use of the word myself 🤷🏻‍♂️

Author: Both are correct whilst `whilst` is a little more formal

Reviewer: Almost a bit too formal for a documentation.

Author: Ok, it has been changed 
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5974/commits/53542c30746e786f72f2e55d6e72f357ad1a12bc

Author: Also this has been fixed, it will be in my next commit, which is just being waited to be pushed

> `{{command}}`

Reviewer 3: We can help saying how to send arguments to the command, and explicitly say `ls` is not the unix `ls`:
```suggestion
`{{git_subcommand}} {{command_arguments}}`
```

Author: ```suggestion
`{{git_command}} {{command_arguements}}`
```

Reviewer 3: in the `git` page we say `git {{subcommand}}`.
IMO `git_command` means `git {{subcommand}}`, in the other hands `git_subcommamd` sounds to `checkout`, or another subcommand from Git.

Reviewer: I also thank that `{{git_subcommand}}` makes more sense here.

> - Run a Git command while in the Git interactive shell:

Reviewer 4: What about this (like in line 7, same for line 15))?
```suggestion
- Run a Git command while in the interactive Git shell:
```

Reviewer 4: (sorry, @marchersimon made the same comment below)

- Run a command (not through Git) whilst in REPL:

`!{{command}}`

> - Exit REPL:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Exit the interactive shell (or press CTRL + D):
```

> `exit|quit`

Reviewer 3: I think we should choose one:
```suggestion
`exit`
```

Author: Sure, why not. Some people may prefer to use quit instead of exit however

Reviewer 2: Can you give an example of someone who is bored enough to? 😆

Author: I am a exit user, however some people might

> - Run a command (not through Git) while in the Git interactive shell:

Author: ```suggestion
- Run a command (not through Git) while in the interactive GIt shell:
```

> - Run a command (not through Git) while in the interactive Git shell:

Reviewer 2: Sounds a bit clearer.  Thoughts?
```suggestion
- Run an external (non-Git) command while in the interactive Git shell:
```

> `!{{command}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`!{{command}} {{command_arguments}}`
```

Author: I'd assume the user would get that

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to be explicit here, although the command does not actually need arguments.

Author: should I commit then...

Reviewer 5: If in doubt, it's always better to explicit @CleanMachine1. tldr pages are aimed at a wide audience, but we must especially keep beginners in mind here.

Author: It just makes it seem you need arguments, however I will agree, that it might help a beginner

> - Exit the interactive shell (or press CTRL + D):

Reviewer: I think we should use the same wording for all three descriptions here. I prefer `interactive Git shell` as we used in the first example.

Author: Done

> - Exit the interactive Git shell (or press CTRL + D):

Reviewer 2: `Ctrl` is more command than `CTRL` (8 vs. 105 👀)
```suggestion
- Exit the interactive Git shell (or press Ctrl + D):
```
